Sit.
It was you, wasn't it?
Where did you hide the money bag?
Is that important right now?
Can't you see they failed to escape?
You little…
I don't know where it is either.
I know you hid it.
Do you have a death wish?
Why don't we go get the bag now?
Keep your heads down.
Damn it!
I'll go check the second floor.
You little bastard.
Follow me.
Isn't that Sang-beom?
Sang-beom, what's going on?
Are you okay?
What did you do this time?
Where's Eung-cheol?
Once everything's settled,
block the secret passage first.
Yes, ma'am.
You fool.
We released 30 hostages,
yet you tried to escape?
Who put you up to it?
The ANSP?
Or the hall director?
Yes.
It was me.
The students just did as I said.
Is that so? You.
Were you hiding as she told you?
No.
That's not true.
I suggested escaping first.
Be quiet, Yeong-ro.
My brother's being buried today.
I wanted to go there.
I really wanted to be there,
so I asked her.
It was you again.
Because of you…
my cover's been blown.
Are you really a Northern spy?
Trying to help us and caring for us…
Were you putting on an act?
Eung-cheol!
Eung-cheol.
Hey!
Eung-cheol!
Wake up, Eung-cheol!
Eung-cheol! Wake up!
Comrade!
I can't hear you! Please speak louder!
Eung-cheol. Can you get up?
Hold me!
Let's go.